Use pip for vLLM tutorial (#46)
triton-inference-server/tutorials: Quick_Deploy/vLLM/README.md

[known limitations](#limitations).

## Step 1: Build a Triton Container Image with vLLM

We will build a new container image derived from tritonserver:23.08-py3 with vLLM.

```

> docker build -t triton_vllm .

Reviewer: Let's rename this to `tritonserver`

Author: Sure thing, renamed.

```

The above command should create triton_vllm image with vLLM and all of its dependencies.

> ## Step 2: Start Triton Inference Server

Reviewer: I think it would be a good idea to display structure of model_repository anyways.

Author: Sounds good, added.

[EngineArgs](https://github.com/vllm-project/vllm/blob/32b6816e556f69f1672085a6267e8516bcb8e622/vllm/engine/arg_utils.py#L11)
for supported key-value pairs.

> *Note*: vLLM greedily consume up to 50% of the GPU's memory under default settings. You can provide

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
*Note*: vLLM greedily consumes up to 50% of the GPU's memory under default settings. You can tweak this behavior using
```

> *Note*: vLLM greedily consumes up to 50% of the GPU's memory under default settings. You can tweak this behavior using

Reviewer: I think this should still be 90%. 
https://github.com/vllm-project/vllm/blob/main/vllm/engine/arg_utils.py#L27

Reviewer: Just add a line towards end like...

settings via `vllm_engine_args.json`. For the purpose of the demo model we are setting this to 0.50.

Author: Good catch! Updated the wording.

appropriate fields like `gpu_memory_utilization` and other settings via
[`vllm_engine_args.json`](model_repository/vllm/vllm_engine_args.json).

Read through the documentation in [`model.py`](model_repository/vllm/1/model.py) to understand how
to configure this sample for your use-case.

Run the following commands to build the image and start the server container:

```

> docker build -t triton_vllm .

Reviewer: Can the part building docker container be made a separate step?
You can see the readme here for reference:
https://github.com/triton-inference-server/tutorials/blob/14aec329fb8a7916ef579a470f3fec7504f06611/Quick_Deploy/vLLM/README.md

Author: Sure, done.

> docker run --gpus all -it --rm -p 8001:8001 --shm-size=1G --ulimit memlock=-1 --ulimit stack=67108864 -v ${PWD}:/work -w /work triton_vllm tritonserver --model-store ./model_repository

Reviewer 2: Lowering to `--shm-size=1G` requirement is nice, more in line with requirements for some other popular examples, such as TGI:
```
docker run --gpus all --shm-size 1g -p 8080:80 -v $volume:/data ghcr.io/huggingface/text-generation-inference:1.0.3 --model-id $model
```

> docker run --gpus all -it --rm -p 8000:8000 -p 8001:8001 -p 8002:8002 --shm-size=8G --ulimit memlock=-1 --ulimit stack=67108864 -v ${PWD}:/work -w /work nvcr.io/nvidia/tritonserver:23.08-py3 tritonserver --model-store ./model_repository

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
docker run --gpus all -it --rm -p 8000:8000 -p 8001:8001 -p 8002:8002 --shm-size=8G --ulimit memlock=-1 --ulimit stack=67108864 -v ${PWD}:/work -w /work triton_vllm tritonserver --model-store ./model_repository
```
